Canary Watchtower Production Ready (#9)
FuelLabs/fuel-canary-watchtower: README.md

│   ├── <a href="./src/ethereum_watcher/portal_contract.rs">portal_contract</a>: handles interacting with and monitoring events from the Fuel message portal contract
│   ├── <a href="./src/ethereum_watcher/gateway_contract.rs">gateway_contract</a>: handles interacting with and monitoring events from the ERC-20 gateway contract
├── <a href="./src/ethereum_actions.rs">ethereum_actions</a>: handles interactions with the Ethereum chain (pausing contracts)
├── <a href="./src/alerter.rs">alerter</a>: handles logging and pushing out info/alerts
├── <a href="./src/pagerduty.rs">pagerduty</a>: handles sending notifications to pagerduty
├── <a href="./src/config.rs">config</a>: reads configuration set in the watchtower_config.json file
</pre>

### Running

Clone the repository:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-canary-watchtower
cd fuel-canary-watchtower
```

Copy the config file and remove the `.example` part, now edit the `watchtower_config.json` file with the details as needed.

If you require alerting you must set your [PagerDuty](https://www.pagerduty.com/) key as such in your terminal:

```sh
export WATCHTOWER_PAGERDUTY_KEY=KEY-HERE
```

> If you require automated pausing of contracts you must set your ethereum private key as such:

Author: Fixed

```sh
export WATCHTOWER_ETH_PRIVATE_KEY=KEY-HERE
```

Build the project and run it:
```sh
cargo build
cargo run
```

### Config File

> An example config file can be found at [watchtower_config.json.example](./watchtower_config.json.example). You can configure alerts by alert level and by action here is an example portal deposit alert:

Author: Added

```json
"portal_deposit_alerts": [
    {
    "alert_action": "PausePortal",
    "alert_level": "Info",
    "time_frame": 300,
    "token_name": "ETH",
    "token_address": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
    "token_decimals": 18,
    "amount": 250
  }
]
```

> In the above configuration is the ETH base asset has exceed the threshold of `250ETH` being deposited over a period of 300 seconds an alert of type INFO is sent and the Portal contract will be paused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above configuration, ETH has exceeded the threshold of `250ETH` being deposited over a period of 300 seconds, an alert of type INFO is sent, and the Portal contract will be paused.
```
